README.md, before:

# React Fundamentals Projects

Welcome to the React Fundamentals Projects repository! This collection of projects is designed to help you grasp the basics of React and build a solid foundation in web development. Each project focuses on different aspects of React, from state management to component composition.

## List of Projects

1. **birthday-buddy**: Simple birthday reminder app.
2. **tour**: Tourist attraction information display.
3. **review**: Customer review and rating component.
4. **questions**: Question and answer interface.
5. **menu**: Restaurant menu display.
6. **slider**: Image slider with navigation controls.
7. **lorem-ipsum**: Lorem Ipsum text generator.
8. **color-generator**: Random color palette generator.
9. **navbar**: Basic navigation bar component.
10. **sidebar**: Responsive sidebar component.

## Getting Started

Each project is contained within its own directory. To run a specific project:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/UzairKhan313/React-Foundamentals-Projects.git
   cd react-fundamentals-projects
   ```
2. Navigate to the desired project directory (e.g., birthday-buddy).

```bash
cd birthday-buddy
```

3. Install all the denpendecies.

```bash
npm install
```

4. Run the development Server.

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Project Structure

Each project follows a similar structure:
src: Contains the source code of the React application.
public: Holds static assets and the HTML file.
README.md: Project-specific documentation.

### Contributing

If you have ideas for improving any of the projects or want to add new projects, feel free to contribute! Create issues, submit pull requests, and share your insights.

Commit message:

Color Generator complete Grocery starter

README.md, after:

# React Fundamentals Projects

Welcome to the React Fundamentals Projects repository! This collection of projects is designed to help you grasp the basics of React and build a solid foundation in web development. Each project focuses on different aspects of React, from state management to component composition.

## List of Projects

1. **birthday-buddy**: Simple birthday reminder app.
2. **tour**: Tourist attraction information display.
3. **review**: Customer review and rating component.
4. **questions**: Question and answer interface.
5. **menu**: Restaurant menu display.
6. **slider**: Image slider with navigation controls.
7. **lorem-ipsum**: Lorem Ipsum text generator.
8. **color-generator**: Random color palette generator.
9. **navbar**: Basic navigation bar component.
10. **sidebar**: Responsive sidebar component.
11. **Grocery-Bud**: Grocery-Bud User can Add and Delete Items.

## Getting Started

Each project is contained within its own directory. To run a specific project:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/UzairKhan313/React-Foundamentals-Projects.git
   cd react-fundamentals-projects
   ```
2. Navigate to the desired project directory (e.g., birthday-buddy).

```bash
cd birthday-buddy
```

3. Install all the denpendecies.

```bash
npm install
```

4. Run the development Server.

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Project Structure

Each project follows a similar structure:
src: Contains the source code of the React application.
public: Holds static assets and the HTML file.
README.md: Project-specific documentation.

### Contributing

If you have ideas for improving any of the projects or want to add new projects, feel free to contribute! Create issues, submit pull requests, and share your insights.
